Fix doc on SORTABLE and UNF (#3387)
RediSearch/RediSearch: docs/commands/ft.create.md

   Field options are:

   - `SORTABLE`: Numeric, tag, text or geo attributes can have the optional **SORTABLE** argument. As the user [sorts the results by the value of this attribute](/redisearch/reference/sorting), the results will be available with very low latency. (this adds memory overhead so consider not to declare it on large text attributes). Notice that an attribute without the `SORTABLE` option can still be sorted by, only the latency will not be as good as when it is `SORTABLE`.

>    - `UNF`: By default, for hashes (not with JSON) `SORTABLE` applies a normalization to the indexed value (characters set to lowercase, removal of diacritics). When using un-normalized form (UNF), you can disable the normalization and keep the original form of the value. With JSON `UNF` is implicit with `SORTABLE` (normalization is disabled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `UNF`: By default, for hashes (not with JSON) `SORTABLE` applies a normalization to the indexed value (characters set to lowercase, removal of diacritics). When using the unnormalized form (UNF), you can disable the normalization and keep the original form of the value. With JSON, `UNF` is implicit with `SORTABLE` (normalization is disabled).
```
